# Map-system-for-landscape-memory
A map system for the memory of the Ming and Qing riverside scenery in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.

The middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River are cultural regions with a long history in China, and the Ming and Qing dynasties were the golden period of ancient Chinese culture. The Ming and Qing Yangtze River Landscape Memory System is an innovative project aimed at protecting and inheriting the rich natural and cultural landscapes of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River through digital technology.
This system analyzes poetry and local maps from the Ming and Qing dynasties, aiming to present the unique geographical and cultural landscape of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River through functions such as geographical information display, historical and cultural introduction, and poetry appreciation. Modern technological means such as geographic information systems and databases have been adopted to achieve accurate display of geographic information in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River, as well as statistical and analytical analysis of landscape elements in poetry from the Ming and Qing dynasties. In the development process, object-oriented development methods are applied, and the system uses the Spring development framework, HTML front-end framework, Java as the main development language, and MySQL as the backend database.
This system implemented functional modules such as map services, information search, data editing, and backend management, and used Web GIS to display geographic information of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River. Through this system, users can gain a deeper understanding of the geographical location, natural landscape, historical and cultural information of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River. Secondly, the development of this system can promote the progress of quantitative methods in the study of landscape space of ancient poetry, and enrich the achievements of semantic analysis of landscape of ancient poetry at the watershed scale. Finally, the development of this system will provide strong support for the digital inheritance of cultural heritage and the improvement of national cultural literacy.

